docs(dynamic-links): warn users about enabling deep linking in their Flutter app (#10382)
firebase/flutterfire: docs/dynamic-links/receive.md

> ## Handle deep links {:#handle_deep_links}
> 
> Warning: You may have unexpected results if you have enabled Flutter deep linking in your app.
> Please [read more here](https://docs.flutter.dev/development/ui/navigation/deep-linking#migrating-from-plugin-based-deep-linking).
> [Here is an issue](https://github.com/firebase/flutterfire/issues/9469) that illustrates what you ought to be aware of.
> 
> To handle a Dynamic Link in your application, two scenarios require implementing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Handle deep links {:#handle_deep_links}

To handle a Dynamic Link in your application, two scenarios require implementing.

Warning: You may have unexpected results if you have enabled Flutter deep linking in your app.
See [Migrating from plugin-based deep linking](https://docs.flutter.dev/development/ui/navigation/deep-linking#migrating-from-plugin-based-deep-linking).
This [GitHub issue](https://github.com/firebase/flutterfire/issues/9469) illustrates what you ought to be aware of.
```
